good evening everyone and I'm really
privileged to be now this company of
vanity vanity G and everyone and very
proud to be here today because this is a
very special film for me and uh thanks
to salinity for you know making such a
lovely film that you know being
courageous enough to be a part of the
film and of course having thought of
confidence on chemin low to make such
independent film because nowadays
producers are always in two minds about
making good fills so I think this is a
very positive approach from mr. Bansal
thank you very much because you know we
have to have a lot of confidence on out
directors otherwise the film can't be
made and the journey was to come to us
and I think it was a great journey which
Chenango handling so many ladies
together that's an extraordinary way of
handling things and we had a great time
shooting in Chandigarh that was one of
the eight points of a film and we had a
wonderful shooting risotto in turquoise
it was another marvelous experience you
know the story is absolutely very
challenging and I think
others who part of this food has a dumb
million job and I think I need a big
applause so he should because the every
woman who has imported from the etherion
character with real flesh and blood
everybody's worked really hard to make
this film and I think that this movie
will definitely make a difference in
everybody's life this movie has got very
strong message should not go has always
been down subjects which are a little
different and it's the first time I'm
working with him and I'm really really
happy you know performing in April and
then rest depends upon our audience but
our audience is absolutely very
sensitive now and we are they are going
to take new kinds of movies and today is
the time to actually open up 50 95 years
so I think that this talks about as much
of the film now because Westies has to
be seen in the theater and thank you
chimpanzee for you know giving such
great confidence about the sounds and
should all know has really tried hard to
make the songs very believable and nice
and melodious and thanks to read you
giving such a beautiful for to the score
for the music and rest you have to see
next and I thank everyone of team
extraordinary if I am missing any names
please I won't follow that we have
director here Abhishek he has done a
great job and we have got a great
cinematographer and everything was
absolutely great so well who are the
artists who are not here we are missing
them but extraordinary should become
extraordinary thank you